App Overview:
This web app was made to display styles and key functionalities of the LinkedIn web app. The functions of this app is to allow the user to sign in with their Google Account(Firebase made this possible), view posts from other google users in the /home route, open a modal, and upload a video link or picture file with a description in the modal. The technologies used in the app is mainly JavaScript, React, Redux, React-Player(A vital dependency for uploading/viewing video links), CSS(Most Css used in app is written using the styled-components dependency), and Google Firebase.

/login route: 
To sign in, click on the button that says "Sign in with Google". A window will pop up so that you can sign in using your google account. You will be redirected to the /home route after signing in.

/home route:
The home route allows you to view pictures and videos posted by google users. To post your own media, click the button(it looks like an input field) that says "Share a post". A modal will appear in the screen. You must type a description to post. To upload an image file, click the button with image icon, click the text that appears below textbox, choose a file that is local on your machine, and click the post button. To post a video, click the button with the video icon, simply copy a video link and then paste it below the textbox, and click the post button. To sign out, hover over the arrow beneath your profile picture in the header and click sign out, you will be redirected to the /login route.